Hmm I 'm a cute girl who is Shibata
Hello
Today I would like to introduce a cute hairstyle using beads
It is a perfect hairstyle for small girls who still have a small amount of hair
Say today in I want to start preparing
Use the mall for the craft I think I want to put the beads on hair
This is the mall that was used when the handmade those that say that previous such that the top g
It was about the thickness of
This time I prepared something as thin as this
This is about 3 mm and bought at a 100 yen shop in Japan
I can not do this hairstyle if it is such thick, so try to find such a thin mall
Please give me
Such for the children of you I want to use the larger beads and such on the other
I would like to prepare
At first this mall by two
Beads from the destination here
I will go through
Please Be prepared only through the beads number likes of favorite color
And
When putting on the hair, this circle is
There is a form like this because it becomes topless
When you put the Leeds
As the ring is on the top
Please prepare in this way
I want to pass this bead on the braid, so a few minutes of favorite braid
b It is easy to use and convenient if you prepare the transferred mall
Then I will put this on my hair
Today we have done braids like this where there is heavy rain and the number of braids
Please do as you like
Since the braid in going to resort to this braid does not pass is too thick and the beads
Please try to create a finely thin braids as possible
In the beginning you just prepared was this 5 Amistad towards the Hoop the beads with a mall
Put in hair and with one hand braided hair
Hold it like this, and hold the beads
Through something like go like this Fu to slide towards the top
And if you take your hair
You can also take the mall naturally
And fasten the bottom of the beads with a rubber
This five-minute color can use any color you like, and like this, if you use rubber with a color close to the Five God Tree
I think that the beads stand out beautifully
Beads passed to the three-knitted hair end like this
Then I will do one more
Here as well
Pass the tree of God through the ring of the beaten mall
In this way
The trick is three knitting with one hand so as to have a Tokizaki River
And take it to the top in this kind of Fu even one by one go, even one by one toward the beads
The beads easily pass through the hair
The Shitara of the beads only connected by a rubber ended up taking the mall to pull a nice destination Naha
is
Then I will do the rest of my hair
In America, a girl with a hairdo with beads attached to the tip of the braid like this
Sometimes
I use special tools when I ask
It seems that beads are passed through the hair using embroidery tools
I think there is no way I can do without any special tools, just this slender
I found the mall Now that you have this way to be unexpectedly easy when I tried this way
I thought it was an introduction disease
All the beads attached with this feeling
This is the completion of the hair style through Leeds to the hair that had three rains
See you bye again